Code review (#2)
aeternity/aerepl_http: README.md

  "status" : "success"|"error"|"internal_error"|"ask"
}
```
Where:
 - `key` describes the session key /TODO: should be a cookie actually/
 - `output` is the message to be printed out
 - `status` tells the type of the response:
   - `success` is a regular output with successful outcome
   - `error` means the query wasn't processed at all because of some mistake on the user side. This includes for example type errors, bad syntax, misusing the REPL features etc.
   - `internal error` is the error on the REPL side. The output will probably contain the REPL stacktrace which will be a valuable information if reported to the developers.

>    - `ask` indicates that the REPL was asked a question. It should provide the information about valid answers and the default option. If the user replies with empty input the default option will be chosen. If the input won't match with any of the options the question will be re-asked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `ask` indicates that the REPL has asked a question. It should provide the information about valid answers and the default option in the `output` field. If the user replies with empty input the default option will be chosen. If the input won't match with any of the options the question will be re-asked.
```
The question is being asked by the REPL
